we asked a few familiar faces for their
reactions to Sunday's show I mean nobody
ever wants to leave this show it's a
wonderful thing to be in but you know
now people do leave and it's really sad
to lose Michelle because I think every
week we now feel more unhappy when
somebody leaves a family last week you
know finishing around mid-table first
probably get him a best score you know
just was great like the whole builder
but everyone keeps it older I get the
black boat and all you ever do is you
just want to get to the next week and to
be fair you're not really that bothered
wherever it is but I mean now we're know
we'll go in a battle and it's time to
get really excited I'm so relieved
for Jane within particular because he's
been sensing the beginning of this
partition that she wanted to get to
blackboard
and I wanted to give him that because
he's been so wonderful and I'm sorry I'm
shocked I mean just saying you know that
song we deserved the soldiers the scene
Michelle guys hard to be millions happen
I am amazingly start to what we achieve
now it's time to have your say comment
on the BBC straightly resource blog and
let the nation know what you thought of
the results